Multinode integration tests (#4058)
golemfactory/golem: scripts/node_integration_tests/README.md

This allows us to simulate various scenarios of two nodes interacting with
each other and verifying they do indeed react the way we intend them to.

In most cases there are two nodes (provider and requestor), and this is a

> default configuration for tests. But it is possible to define any number of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
default configuration for tests. If needed, it is possible to define any number of
```

full usage:

```
run_test.py [-h] [--task-package TASK_PACKAGE] [--task-settings TASK_SETTINGS]

>             [--datadir NODE PATH] [--mainnet] test_path

Reviewer: @etam please provide a usage example for a test that uses more than one node so that it's more clear of how exactly the roles and their datadirs should be specified

Author: done

                        a directory within `tasks` containing the task package
  --task-settings TASK_SETTINGS
                        the task settings set to use, see `tasks.__init__.py`

>   --datadir NODE PATH   override datadir path for given node

Reviewer: maybe we should mention the "standard" node names here?

Author: done

```

Argument `--datadir` may be used multiple times to override paths for multiple

> nodes. Example: `run_test.py --datadir requestor /tmp/foo --datadir provider /tmp/bar`.

Reviewer: :+1:
